Hey it's Bruno here once again I'm so impressed with your work.
I love this a slam what's going to save us a ton of money and in the long run.
And I think the ranking system people are going to really really use it.
Thanks again.
Always appreciated.
You're just the absolute best well well well we managed to incorporate AWOS their web services and use
the server less framework to actually have Amazon lambda functions.
How cool was that.
I hope you had a ton of fun and you have a great idea of how all the systems work in our smart pre-snap
we've done an incredible amount of work on it.
We've created sessions using retests and JWT tokens we've used docker to make our devolvement processes
easier.
We've added profile abilities ability for us to have protected routes and obviously we've added the
Amazon lambda function for our ranking system and I hope we have a really nice picture of how you can
now construct as a developer all these different pieces to accommodate your project.
That's the beauty of being able to manage projects is that you have the big picture vision and you understand
how these little pieces can be placed together to customize to your liking.
And once you start thinking and these big picture terms of adding bits and pieces from each components
and libraries and that's when you really start to be able to have a lot of power and creation and a
lot of flexibility.
And this is the work that we're going to do on our smart brain up.
There's so many things that we can add we can maybe use as three to upload profile images for our users.
We can definitely refactor the code and I'm sure there's bugs and fixes here and there that we can make
to it.
And as you've watched me code if you started to realize that we can do that better we can fix that better.
That's good.
You're thinking like a senior developer trying to fix and improve little small details to eventually
have a nice clean product.
And I'm going to leave the smart brain App project for you to play with to extend if you want to add
new functionality or we can change the functionality completely and just keeping the small pieces together.
I wanted to explore and share with the community in our Dischord server to see what you can come up
with.
I hope you had fun and we have just a few more sections to close out the scores before you move on to
the next section though.
I want to see how creative you can get with Amazon lambda functions as an exercise try and build something
really really exciting and share it with me on our chat channel.
I want to know all about it.
All right I'll see you in the next section.
We're almost there.
Keep it up.
I'll see you soon.
Bye bye.